Multilingual ios demo (#558)
Picovoice/picovoice: demo/ios/README.md

This demo runs wake word detection and context inference while the application is in focus. 

To run the foreground application demo:

1) Go to [ForegroundApp](./ForegroundApp) directory. Then run:

2) Open the `PicovoiceForegroundAppDemo.xcworkspace` in XCode

3) Replace `let accessKey = "${YOUR_ACCESS_KEY_HERE}"` in the file [ContentView.swift](./ForegroundApp/PicovoiceForegroundAppDemo/ContentView.swift) with your `AccessKey`.

> 4) Go to `Product > Scheme` and select the scheme for the language you would like to demo (e.g. `arScheme` -> Arabic Demo, `deScheme` -> German Demo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) Go to `Product > Scheme` and select the scheme for the language you would like to demo (e.g. `arDemo` -> Arabic Demo, `deDemo` -> German Demo)
```
